All right, to start with the modifications to our UI,
let's open up our login.jsp page,
and you'll see we have that div class error up above.
We're not showing anything unless that error exists there.
Well, to try something different with our UI,
we're going to go ahead and throw in another div above here,
and I've wrapped that with the c:if,
rather than putting the c:if inside of here because it is visible by default.
So I've said c:if test not empty param.logout. So that URL handler that we
configured in the previous demo for the ConferenceSecurityConfig,
we rewrote that URL to add a parameter of logout=true on the end of it.
This now is looking to see if that parameter exists,
and if it does exist,
then we're going to display this div class alert
alert‑success and say that logout was successful.
But the one thing missing is we don't have a way
for us to call this URL just yet.
So let's open up our index.jsp page, and we want to come over to
this guy. And inside of here, we currently don't have the c tag
library in here. So I'm going to go up to the top of our Login page
and actually just copy it just to make it easier and not have to
type all of that in.
So we'll grab that core tag library out of login and go to the top of
the JSP page and paste that in there at the very top.
We'll save that.
And now, we have inside of here, this nav header of Get Started. I'm going
to add an anchor tag below that that is a c:out or a URL builder to call
the perform_logout. And using that c:out tag just formats our URL the
correct way with our application context ahead of it. And so it just
basically builds our URL correctly for us and displays a Logout button at
the top of our page for us.
Let's exit full screen here,
and we'll go ahead and restart our server just to make sure
that all of our changes their up to date.
Okay,
now once we run our application, we can log in. I'll click
that Add Registration button. Click in bryan and pass for
our username and password.
And now we have our Logout link at the top of our page.
If I click Logout,
it'll redirect us back to the Login page and say that our logout was successful.
So this is our Twitter Bootstrap success message.
It looks a little nicer, and it's a little cleaner
than the red text that we had there.
You can go ahead and change that in your own application if you want to use
the alert for failure and browse the CSS that comes with Twitter Bootstrap
and see there's all sorts of different boxes.
So if you want to change your other app over to match this green bar,
you're more than welcome to.
But we've implemented the logout,
and all we had to do was go through our code and add a logout section.
You can see the login?logout=true.
Now you understand that that logoutRequestMatcher AntPathRequestMatcher is so
that we could perform a GET. Normally, it looks for a POST so we would have
had to set up a form and post that in here. By implementing that request
matcher with a GET, it bypassed that. We deleted our session and our cookies
and permitted all to access it.
Then for our login, we just added that nice Twitter Bootstrap dialog
that pops up at the top of our page to display success,
and we added a simple anchor tag to perform the actual logout.
Pretty simple to actually add that functionality inside of
your app and have it delete the cookies, have it delete the
session that's currently logged in, and all we had to do is add a little bit of configuration and an anchor tag.